= bellejs (alpha)

* https://rubygems.org/gems/bellejs

== DESCRIPTION

Bellejs is an extension of javascript. It currently provides import statements, as well as an alternate, more friendly
way to write classes, class inheritance, public/private variable and public/private function declarations.

This repo contains the gem that will transpile .bellejs code into valid javascript. Notice that since bellejs is just
an extension of javascript that any valid javascript is also valid bellejs (but not the other way around.)

== Installation

    gem install bellejs

== Getting Started

Bellejs comes with a handy command line tool for easy use.

Transpile a bellejs file into javascript:
    bellejs input_file.bellejs

You can also specify outputs
    bellejs input_file.bellejs ./subdir/output.js

There's also the option to minify the output by passing the '-m' flag
    bellejs input_file.bellejs -m


== Acknowledgments

Much of the language parsing is done with a gem called rbelly, which is an extension of the rkelly gem (http://rkelly.rubyforge.org/) written by Aaron Patterson.

Bellejs also makes use of Uglifier (https://github.com/lautis/uglifier) written by Ville Lautanala for javascript minification.

== License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 Ryan Epp

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE
